+++
title = "Github Blues"
date = 2023-06-15
+++

Hi people! I haven't written a post (or done anything on the site for that matter) in a hot minute, and I figured i'd actually spend some of my time writing a serious post for once. 

I titled this post "Github Blues". It isn't because I have anything against the site, frankly it's quite good, but it's because I am not at home. To write this post I have to add a .md file straight into the git repo which is... an interesting writing experience, to say the least. 

I have to manually add a line break at the end of each paragraph to make it format nicely. It's a lot of manual work for a blog, adding a file into the folder, referencing past posts to make sure I format the title and date variable correctly, all this finnicky stuff I have to do through the Github repo because of the circumstances. 

I am writing a huge post, too. Never seen this many characters on the site before, so I hope it formats well! 
 
 
Now that I'm actually trying to write something serious I feel obligated to put in some info about what I've recently done, / am being involved in. 

Working on Lord X Wrath has been a lot of fun! I have done a LOT of programming and music work (more than I've ever done before), and it's been quite an interesting challenge. But I think the progress is coming along very well regardless. 

Obviously working on wrath has taken up a lot of my free time. And I do kind of regret working so much on it, as weird as it sounds. Remixed has been put on the back burner for the last few months and I feel bad about that. 

I didn't even update in a community post about all the cuts made to the roster, after the .EXE character rapture event. 

I guess I'll update on what it's looking like here. There are currently a line up of 12 songs for the final release of Misfits, a HUGE cut from the 28 I had a month ago. It's basically come down to just remaking my old remixes. 

I am very excited to do that, though. I finished Internet Speed v2 months ago, and I'm currently working on Revenge v2. Crumbling World got a bit of a remaster, but that's about all the progress that's been done that hasn't been scrapped because of the bans. 

Speaking of those, there wasn't much progress there to begin with either. Probably ~7 songs fully complete, and a few uploaded. Remixed progress has been a  slow slog, but it is going somewhere, and I really do want to finish it. 
 
 
I think I'm done talking about remixed now, and the github file editor is kinda going crazy jumping around rn, so writing is kind of annoying lmao. I wanna write a system that lets me make blogposts easier, like auto-formatting titles and dates, a better UI for writing into, all that technical stuff. 

If any of you online have actually read this, thanks. I want to write more blog posts but I should to develop this '[A2] blog system' first before I start going ham. 
 
 
 I just figured out how to make the editor chill out so I think I'll write a bit more.
  
   
   
The channel recently hit 6k subs, which is pretty crazy to me. In maybe a week after we already hit 6.1k, so growth is steady and people like the videos, which is nice. 

Sorry for a lack of music on the channel, it's mostly been wrath stuff lmao. I want to get back into posting remixed stuff again, and i'm thinking the next video will be Internet Speed v2, but idk. 

I haven't posted in a week so we'll see. 
 
 (It's actually been two weeks. Goddamn I need to stop re-reading this and just leave it.) 
 
 
I think I'm about ready to post this now. I'll probably come back in and edit it this, to fix formatting (I already am, hi past me! It actually looks good!) and whatever but. Yea. For a first serious blog post, this is alright. 

Writing this has actually been a very interesting experience. Writing has always been fun to me, but I never really liked sitting down and writing stories. (Even though I love making / expanding fictional worlds of my own design in my head. That's quite easy for me!). 

I feel like I need to make something SUPER cohesive and deep, or else it won't work well or I won't be happy. 

Writing this blog post has been like that, but without the bad parts. I don't have to worry about a cohesive story with no holes. I don't need to be concerned with character developments or story structures. I just write. 

I know I'm gonna re-read this entire post a bunch of times after I post it. That's fun for me, too. Going back and reading what I wrote. 

That being said, I think i'm going to write blog posts more often. There won't be a single serious "schedule" or anything, but I want to post when I feel like it, when I never did before. Until now. 
 
This has been [A2] for now. Thanks for reading!
'